Move setup process via script into container (#2174)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: README.md

### Get the tools

``` BASH
DMS_GITHUB_URL='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/master'
wget "${DMS_GITHUB_URL}/docker-compose.yml"
wget "${DMS_GITHUB_URL}/mailserver.env"

> wget "${DMS_GITHUB_URL}/setup.sh"

Reviewer: Is this last step with the `setup.sh` necessary still?

Can you run `docker exec ...` as an alternative now? (seem to be missing docs example on that if an option).

Is the main intent to still interact with this external script but persist version specific changes internally with releases?

Author: Yes, you can run `docker exec .. setup ...` and it should work fine. The mail intend of `setup.sh` in my eyes is to wrap the interaction with the container for many users so they do not have to know the name of the container, etc.

But I agree with the fact that we should note that one could easily run `docker exec ... setup ...` as well.

Reviewer: While tackling this, do you think it's worth supporting [this issue request](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/issues/2140#issuecomment-902296722) to add a default user when an ENV is set?

Their use case was for CI where they apparently could not easily initialize a user via invoking an explicit script/command. I shared how I added an entry point to automate this for my local testing, we could do similar by adopting an entrypoint with that logic?

If we use an entrypoint in the Dockerfile, then no args can keep the current behaviour, otherwise we could take args provided in a `docker run` and pass them to this internal script now? (I have had some experience with that a while back, [example shared here](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-docker/pull/19#issuecomment-449576344))

May be worth it, as that recent blogpost you linked to also mentioned setting up a user as a gripe, having users provide an explicit ENV in their compose file for an admin or dummy user can simplify getting started without needing to get into `setup.sh` as early on?

Author: To be honest, I'd rather not like to implement this behaviour in this PR for two reasons:

1. I'm not sure what the solution should look like in the end
2. I'd like to not mix up concerns with PRs. This PR can (and should in my opinion) the base for the suggested changes, but implement them too:)

Author: Added the note with a534bf6f02f522ffd229ce1444d08e205988f9de

### Get the tools

Since Docker Mailserver `v10.2.0`, you can run the commands you previously executed with `./setup.sh ...` directly via `docker exec <CONTAINER> setup ...` if there already is a container running. The script `setup.sh` is here for convenience, and if you're using Docker or Docker Compose, it is recommended to use `setup.sh` if you're new to Docker Mailserver.

``` BASH
DMS_GITHUB_URL='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/master'
wget "${DMS_GITHUB_URL}/docker-compose.yml"
wget "${DMS_GITHUB_URL}/mailserver.env"
wget "${DMS_GITHUB_URL}/setup.sh"

chmod a+x ./setup.sh
./setup.sh help
```

> Running `./setup.sh help` will also pull the `:latest` image (which is the latest stable release), if this has not been done beforehand.

Reviewer: Is this accurate?

Looking at the file (with my stale shell skills) any command used seems to call the container method which will use an existing running container (including`help`)?

It's only when a container isn't running that it pulls the latest `:latest` tag from a registry?

The last part "if this has not been done beforehand", would it not remove the container after satisfying the command in this case, so repeat the same flow by checking the registry again to pull?

Author: You're quite right.

> The last part "if this has not been done beforehand", would it not remove the container after satisfying the command in this case, so repeat the same flow by checking the registry again to pull?

Could you rephrase this question for me. Not I can follow here.

Reviewer: > Accurate.

Ok, so `./setup.sh help` may not actually pull `:latest` if it detects an existing DMS container running. That should be rephrased then.

> Could you rephrase this question for me. Not sure I can follow here.

If no container is running, and I run `./setup.sh help`, then a docker registry is checked for newer `:latest` tag to pull, container is created to run the command, and then exits.

Calling it again will play out the same sequence, unless the digest of `:latest` on the registry is updated.

I guess "if this has not been done beforehand" is hinting that the pull download could potentially be skipped? (`:latest` has been not updated since the last registry check).

---

Could just be me, I'm not fussed if you think the text is fine as-is :)

Two attempts at re-phrasing it:

```suggestion
If no `docker-mailserver` container is running, any `./setup.sh` command will check online for the `:latest` image tag (the current stable release), performing a `pull` if necessary followed by running the command in a temporary container. 
```

or

```suggestion
`./setup.sh help` (_or any supported command_) with no active `docker-mailserver` container will _pull_ the latest stable release (_`:latest` image tag_) before running the command.
```

Author: Went with the former :)
